As you know, the significant development of the aircraft has made the Western countries, which were far away until yesterday, our neighbor country overnight.
Also, the surprising development of the radio net is that the US is moving the land of the European Union to the center of our country.
However, our country today, which is under the control of such a country, is no longer a single island in the East.
It is our duty and privilege to take more and more steps towards the true happiness of humanity, with the help of the common people of the sea and the world's fire-strikes squadron.
As a stone of many mountains that has been polished by ourselves from the beautiful tradition of our country to the future, from our one-sided development and development,
the correct understanding and appropriate absorption of Western civilization is our current and future duty.
When observing this, and contemplating it, the important mission of studying international language is one of the problems and difficulties that appear in our country withoutáchemнов, even if one does not have to speak為什麼,
The current situation is that whether or not to learn this is no longer a problem, and whether or not to learn this more easily and effectively is the current big concern.
In English, the first thing to do is to say,
Well begun is half done.
I do not wish to go on this important lesson without any mistakes.